scripts/laws_in_couchdb/README.md, before:

Laws in CouchDB
===============
This folder contains some script to clone Dutch laws from the official government API to a CouchDB database. The resulting database is faster, easier to use and keeps track of laws through time.

Motivation
----------
While the Dutch government publishes Dutch laws through their own BWB service, some problems exist with it:

* The service is very slow
* Only one version of a law (the current) is available; there are no historical consolidations available
* Bulk requests are not possible

While the [MetaLex Document Server](http://doc.metalex.eu/) solves the first two of these problems, it also introduces (more subtle) problems and bugs. If we want to re-do the MetaLex Document Server, it is good to have a copy of the source document around. 

Usage
-----
The database is hosted at [https://wetten.cloudant.com/](https://wetten.cloudant.com/) as a CouchDB database. 

Of course, one may access any document through the `_all_docs` view with some query parameters set, .e.g,:
[`https://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_all_docs?limit=10&startkey="BWBR0002178"&endkey="BWBR0002179"`](https://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_all_docs?limit=10&startkey="BWBR0002178"&endkey="BWBR0002179")

This will show full documents, but we may be interested in just the metadata. I have defined some additional views:

| View name          | Description                                                                                          | Example                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ---                | ---                                                                                                  | ---                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `all`              | Query all expressions, keyed by bwbId, and shows the available metadata                              | [http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all?limit=10](http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all?limit=10)                                        |
| `all_from_metalex` | Like `all`, but shows only index files that have been converted from MetaLex                         | [http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all_from_metalex?limit=10](http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all_from_metalex?limit=10)              |
| `all_non_metalex`  | Like `all`, but shows only index files that have *not* been converted from MetaLex                   | [http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all_non_metalex?limit=10](http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all_non_metalex?limit=10)                |
| `countKinds`       | Summary showing the number of documents pertaining to a certain kind (e.g.: law, circulaire, etc.)   | [http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/countKinds](http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/countKinds)                                            |

Some technical notes
--------------------
Documents are stored as CouchDB JSON-files with metadata fields that are not *exactly* the same as the XML elements. Compare `XmlConstants.rb` with `JsonConstants.rb`. Also, a field called "xml" is added to the documents, which contains the document content, unsurprisingly in XML format. Document IDs are of the form `{BWBID}/{EXPRESSION DATE}`, which encodes to `{BWBID}%2F{EXPRESSION DATE}`, where the expression date is specified by the field `datumLaatsteWijzing` (date last modified).

The updater service is run as a single-dyno Heroku deployment with European locality. The Heroku platform was chosen because it is reliable, easy to deploy on and free to use in this case.

Commit message:

Modified code to work with XML as attachments instead of inlined with document metadata

scripts/laws_in_couchdb/README.md, after:

Laws in CouchDB
===============
This folder contains some script to clone Dutch laws from the official government API to a CouchDB database. The resulting database is faster, easier to use and keeps track of laws through time.

Motivation
----------
While the Dutch government publishes Dutch laws through their own BWB service, some problems exist with it:

* The service is very slow
* Only one version of a law (the current) is available; there are no historical consolidations available
* Bulk requests are awkward

While the [MetaLex Document Server](http://doc.metalex.eu/) solves the first two of these problems, and arguably the third, it also introduces (more subtle) problems and bugs. If we want to re-do the MetaLex Document Server, it is good to have a copy of the source document around. 

Usage
-----
The database is hosted at [https://wetten.cloudant.com/](https://wetten.cloudant.com/) as a CouchDB database. 

Of course, one may access any document through the `_all_docs` view with some query parameters set, .e.g,:
[`https://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_all_docs?limit=10&startkey="BWBR0002178"&endkey="BWBR0002179"`](https://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_all_docs?limit=10&startkey="BWBR0002178"&endkey="BWBR0002179")

This will show full documents, but we may be interested in just the metadata. I have defined some additional views:

| View name          | Description                                                                                          | Example                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ---                | ---                                                                                                  | ---                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `all`              | Query all expressions, keyed by bwbId, and shows the available metadata                              | [http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all?limit=10](http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all?limit=10)                                        |
| `all_from_metalex` | Like `all`, but shows only index files that have been converted from MetaLex                         | [http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all_from_metalex?limit=10](http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all_from_metalex?limit=10)              |
| `all_non_metalex`  | Like `all`, but shows only index files that have *not* been converted from MetaLex                   | [http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all_non_metalex?limit=10](http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/all_non_metalex?limit=10)                |
| `countKinds`       | Summary showing the number of documents pertaining to a certain kind (e.g.: law, circulaire, etc.)   | [http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/countKinds](http://wetten.cloudant.com/bwb/_design/RegelingInfo/_view/countKinds)                                            |

Some technical notes
--------------------
Documents are stored as CouchDB JSON-files with metadata fields that are not *exactly* the same as the XML elements. Compare `XmlConstants.rb` with `JsonConstants.rb`. An attachment called `data.xml` contains the document content, unsurprisingly in XML format. Document IDs are of the form `{BWBID}/{EXPRESSION DATE}`, which encodes to `{BWBID}%2F{EXPRESSION DATE}`, where the expression date is specified by the field `datumLaatsteWijzing` (date last modified).

Note that a field called "xml" has been added to the documents, which should always be `null`. This is a remnant of early iterations of the database in which document content was inlined along with the metadata. The reasoning was that bulk requests are easier this way. However, metadata does not get compressed, as attachments do. Also inlining XML made it harder to query documents just for their metadata, needing secondary queries.

The updater service is run as a single-dyno Heroku deployment with European locality. The Heroku platform was chosen because it is reliable, easy to deploy on and free to use in this case.
